hi everybody today I'm going to show you
what I get up to you on a typical
weekday studying at the University of
Cambridge I am in my first year studying
Natural Sciences so that means 6 9 a.m.
lectures a week I got up about 10 to 8
I'm not a morning person so it was a bit
of a struggle for breakfast I usually
have a cereal bar because I don't have
time for much else I go between
nutrigrain and belVita usually I like to
just go on my laptop and out for a
bit as I eat my cereal bar excuse the
grumpy face so I still really wasn't
feeling the early morning then I went to
go and have a shower and get changed at
this point I'm usually quite rushed for
time because I've sneezed my alarm one
too many times and here we have my
favorite NASA jumper of course I opened
the curtain so that's some natural light
in and check what the weather was like
outside it was pretty snowy so I was
unashamedly quite excited the next stage
of my morning routine was to put my
makeup on of course now this can be
quite time-consuming especially when
I've got lectures to go to so I tend to
do quite a basic face just to put a
foundation of mascara the aim is to just
make myself look presentable
then I straighten my hair because it
gets really frizzy and I like to think
this gets really some of the first
rather tragically and currently running
low on contact lenses so after wearing
glasses quite a lot for the past few
weeks have been some bit of a clean
because I've got so dirty but yeah it's
all good I have quite a lot of contact
hours on weekdays so I tend to make time
plans rather than to do this because
most of my time is in super visions or
lectures or practicals I type out my
plan for the next day the night before
because I've had to be organised Here I
am just packing my bag for my lectures
and making sure I've got all the lecture
notes I need in obviously I was putting
a scarf and gloves on because it was
freezing outside and I really feel the
cold I like to take a bottle of water
with me to lectures Plaza do get thirsty
and it's good to keep hydrated my bike
did not take well to the cold and the
breaks basically froze up so I've
actually been walking two lectures quite
a bit for the past few days whilst it
was pretty cold the park was also quite
scenic and I kept warmed by speed
walking because of course I was running
late I eventually arrived at my
chemistry lecture and picked up the new
lecture handout since we were starting a
new topic we're doing kinetics for all
my lectures in my course so far the
lecturers have supplied handouts that
you can then annotate with your own
notes and highlight and sometimes do
example questions as you can see here I
didn't find this lecture too hard going
because it was covering a lot of stuff I
don't a level on rates of reaction I am
a big fan of using color pens to mark my
lecture notes as well I have my
chemistry lectures in one of the largest
lecture theatres in Cambridge because so
many people take chemistry Here I am
just leaving the country such as the
Turks it was the only lecture I had
there that day you can park your bike
outside as you can see and then I really
fancied a coffee so I headed down to
Starbucks I would usually go back to
Coolidge and make my own coffee but
since I was on foot I felt like I didn't
have time to go all the way back to
college since I had a lecture in an
hour's time on a nearby site
can confirm the last it was very good
and very much worth it I brought my
physics work with me and worked in
Starbucks for the next hour I've been
set some questions on rotational
mechanics for my physics supervision
they actually want as bad as I thought
they were going to be and you can see
I'm actually writing stuff down instead
of just staring at the question which is
progress for me
then I headed on down downing site where
my Earth Sciences lectures of health
rather handily it's only a five-minute
walk down the road so I could get there
very quickly
[Music]
so the earth lecture today was our first
lecture on climate it was actually
pretty interesting so here is a
physiology lecture theater which I am
sure has some sort of secret power that
makes you want to fall asleep but anyway
I just want about annotating my lecture
notes and trying to take you and what
the lecturer was saying after every
Earth Sciences lecture I always have an
earth sciences practical which is just
upstairs in the earth sciences
department there is a first-year lap
which is shown to you here we often use
the microscopes to look at thin sections
of rocks the last lecture series have
been on sediment so our practical today
was on ocean sediments it was okay we
were just given a worksheet that we had
to work through and that's what in the
case for earth sciences practicals there
only one hour long so they're not too
bad it was quite a lot of calculation
bits and pieces to lose have my
calculator out there's usually hand
specimens on the side benches as well
which you can look at and they aid you
in filling out your worksheet these
particular rocks are formed from glacial
sediments
[Music]
I finished my practical by 1 p.m. so I
headed off out of the earth sciences
department and back to college
here you can also see the earth sciences
Museum I was starting to get a bit fed
up with the cold at this point and yeah
I was being a bit of a baby about it I
hate the cold so much like when it did
Cambridge become the Arctic
eventually I made it back to Jesus could
Chapel court I went to check on my bike
to see if it was any less frozen than
before but no it wasn't for lunch I just
made myself a chicken sandwich I've been
trying to minimize the amount that I'm
going to cap because I feel like two
meals a day at calf is quite excessive
also calf by the way is the Jesus
College cafeteria while I ate my lunch I
just watched a bit of YouTube pretty
much my go-to thing when I want to relax
I actually had a chemistry super at two
o'clock that day though so it had to be
quite a speedy lunch my faith biscuits
are choco blah blah I don't even know
how to say their name but they are
really good and yeah I do need something
sweet to help me get through busy days
like this one I had a quick flick
through my chemistry lecture notes so I
was ready for my supervision and ready
for whatever my supervisor was going to
throw at me
I did a quick file changeover put away
the lecture notes are known on the
needed got out the stuff that I did need
for my soup hose in the afternoon I was
trying to stay organized doesn't always
work but I can try my chemistry c
provisions are held in college so i can
leave my room at like five to two and be
sure i was going to get there on time so
i headed across the court and optima
super unfortunately I was not able to
film in my chemistry super but basically
we just went over the problem sheet that
briefing set for that week around coming
out of it it was quite hard work so you
can see me leaving a sigh of relief
below B my chemistry supervisor needs an
overall comment over top of our work
each week I usually get good in places
but this week was good effort but
variable you know what I'll take that
though like I did put a lot of effort
into it and I can only try my best so I
made corrections to the questions I got
wrong I made a few silly errors
obviously I kicked myself for but what
can you do and look I've got an
excellent for one question get me and
these are some of the notes that I took
in the supervision we derived a few
equations my max supervisions are held
in Selwyn College which I usually cycle
to you but I thought I should quickly
check the walking distance I wasn't
happy that it was 23 minutes like it was
snowing outside it just wasn't the
weather for walking that far what can
you do I got on with some more of my
physics in the meantime
[Music]
so tragic times I have now had to go
outside in the snow and walk to sulwon
which is ages away but here we are we're
walking through Clair College here it
was very pretty in the snow but it just
didn't cancel out the fact that it was
so slushy and I see everywhere
I had misjudged it slightly but I've
learned Google Maps because Google Maps
Tom it was a 23 minute walk here it was
30 minutes in the end but it was fine we
eventually made it to Selwyn just about
in time I cut it quite fine not going to
lie yes we made it my supervision room
is actually at the top of a really tall
staircase so it was quite out of breath
by the time I got up there
[Music]
an hour later I headed back for my math
super the kind of thing it got even more
snow in there before so you can see that
I really what's not enjoying that but
hey check out the really cool frozen
lake river no it's a river page a river
I do Earth Sciences what is wrong with
me
but yeah so here we are we're looking
through Kings very exciting I don't
usually walk through Kings I usually
cycle so not gonna like I actually did
quite doing this get those shots off the
chapel you know
I wouldn't be surprised if people
mistook me for a tourist oh dear it's
always nice to get back to Jesus at the
end of the day I really do view it as
home now in my mat-su prayer we just
went over at the problem sheet that I've
been set for the week it's pretty much a
standard thing you get set with physical
Natural Sciences so a few ticks a few
mistakes and there that I cracked it
what was a useful soup oh I'd say here
is my attempt at a contour plot yep
pretty messy but we can work on it we
can work on it positivity right here
then I went to cap we had curly fries
which makes it great and those covers
mooses are literally my favorite this is
the main hall where the cafeteria is
always held and formal dinners are also
held in here there portrays of the
Masters are up on the wall it's quite
nice place to be really and here I am
heading back to my room after cat I had
the heating turned up full in my room
because it was so cold and it was just
lovely then I got on with some more work
and yes it was still physics the
question sheets we get set each week
even though they usually only six
question take a long time especially
when you get stuck on them but it's all
part of the learning process and the
physics continues
[Music]
and I was really pleased with myself and
I finished here we go I could staple it
up paperclip it together put it in a
folder and all ready to hand in proud of
myself
as usual I filled in my happiness
journal at the end of the day it's
really nice and it makes you realize
there's always things to smile about
even if your day hasn't been as great as
you may have wanted it to be
[Music]
at this point it was now very late in
the evening so it was time to bed so
yeah I got myself ready for bed please
don't judge me when I show you that I
didn't get to bed till one o'clock it's
not a regular thing I promise
sometimes I just get a bit sidetracked
from work and it happens
I did have Saturday morning lectures the
next day so that meant setting my 720
alarm bloop bloop my hands get really
dry this time of year especially in the
cold weather so I use some dipper based
cream and I put that on every night
before I go to bed last thing I do that
brings us to the end of the day like and
subscribe if you enjoyed and I'll see
you soon
[Music]